Re-encode chunks that are still being appended to when snapshoting. (#641)
prometheus/tsdb: CHANGELOG.md

## master / unreleased
 - [FEATURE] Provide option to compress WAL records using Snappy. [#609](https://github.com/prometheus/tsdb/pull/609)
 - [BUGFIX] Re-calculate block size when calling `block.Delete`.

>  - [BUGFIX] Re-encode all chunks at compaction that are open(being appended to). This avoids writing out corrupt data. It happens when snapshotting with the head included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [BUGFIX] Re-encode all chunks at compaction that are open (being appended to). This avoids writing out corrupted data when snapshotting with the head included.
```
